In ECommerce there are different ways to advertise your products, you can use third party like cashkaro, crieto etc.These are the ones 
which gets rvenue when an rrder is plcaed also your produts might not gt muhch exposure while using these affiliates.

On the other hand we have facebook and google which provides a fair visibility to your products on the basis of users activities.
Most of the revenue of google comes from ads which i believe every  company uses. Google provides different types of ads like PLA ads, Google AdSense & Google Adwords.

I will be talking about Google Adwords and how it can play a crucial role in advertising. Google adwords provides lot of flexibility in bids, location & what you want to advertise.
Google Adwords is depednet on keywords on whhich you want to advertise.

There are four types of keywrds google accepts
1. Broad 
2. Broad match modifier
3. Phrase 
4. Exact match

All above types have their own working styles. 

How we approcahed to these because now google will search on the basis of keywords you have provided. You must chose your keywords carefully.

We followed below mentieond steps for creating a campaign.

1. Gathering keywords [Most searched / having more products] : We don't know what use search on google so we need to think as a user
to see what he can search. Another way if you are developing for ecommcerce site than yu must have popular
keywords which used searches on your site. Another way which we thougth migh tbe a google one We selected a category at very granular level
like "saree". now what user can search for this red saree , blue saree, cotton saree and many more. There can be millions typs of search ur can do.
also there is possibility you may not have what user is asing and if you provide that keyword in your campaigns than you
will be changed unnecessary. So ew collected attributes of each products and genrate permutations and combinations for selected attributes
only like fabric, color, type etc. We hit our search API which will do exact matching and got the results. now we are sure that if user search that keywords 
and somehow our ad is displayed on google he will see hwta is wanted. Purvhaseing is different things. We always trhive for clicks 
in advertisement. Because if we show him right content than he may visit us again that probaility will be high.

There is another catch there might be a used who can make spelling mstakes that we have to handle like sadi,sari etc. So we can get these keywords from 
solr search.

After that we got our keywords list with result count also we created the search url which will be destination url in google campaign.

In google adwords we run campaigns and below is the basic things which campaign contains
1. AdwordAd [This is text which will be visible on google when you search something]
2. AdGroup [This will consist various keywords]
3. Keywords [This will contains a keyword and it's type]

so now we had to create campaign for saree category. So for campaign creation we were using google adwords APi this is one way or you can directly create from UI.
but when you have many keywords then task becomes impossible. 

Campaign Creation : we were creating campaign in paused state so that once campaign is successfully created we can check
the condition of the campaign. 
AdGroup Creation : This will accept campaign because there wont be any adgroup without campaign. 
Keyword Creation : This will be created using our keyword list which will have some rules which keywords to be considered and which not.
For now we were considering result count from the search on the badis of we were adding keyword. Each keyword will be create 4 times because keyword can be f
4 types.